Stage: Initial Connection

When a new connection is made and the initial WebSocket protocol
negotiation is successful,

   controller.network_connect(local_endpoint, remote_endpoint)
   local_endpoint = (local IP, local port)
   remote_endpoint = (remote IP, remote port)

is called.  This method must return a PWMud object which should
handle the new connection.  This object must not already be handling
a connection.

If a PWMud object is not returned, or the returned object is already
handling a connection, the new connection will immediately be aborted.

If an exception is raised from network_connect(), the connection will
immediately be aborted.

After network_connect() returns a delay of MAXTIME_INITIAL_CONNECTION
(default 5 seconds) is begun.  If the connection is still in the
initial stage when this delay times out, the connection will be
aborted.

A message it sent to the client:

   type: version
   msg: <a version string>

The only valid response from the client is another type: version
message containing a version string.  If the server accepts the
returned version the stage moves on to Configuration connection.

Any other message types received from the client will cause the
connection to be aborted.


Stage: Configuring Conection

In this stage, the server sends a number of configuration commands to
the client.  These all follow this format:

    type: command
    cmd: <configuration command to carry out>

If the connection object remains in this stage for longer than
MAXTIME_CONFIGURING_CONNECTION (default 30 seconds) it will abort the
connection.

The client must not send any data to the server during this stage.
Any such data will cause the connection to be aborted.

Stage: Unauthorised Connection

The connection object will enter the "Unauthorised" stage once the
server is done sending configuration commands.

In this stage, the connection object will try to authorise the
connection (ie., ask for user login).

If the connection object remains in this stage for longer than
MAXTIME_UNAUTH_CONNECTION (default 10 minutes) it will abort the
connection.

If there has been no data received from the remote client for more
than MAXIDLE_UNAUTH_CONNECTION (default 1 minute) it will abort
the connection.


Stage: Authorised Connection

Once the connection object has succesfully authorised the remote
client, it will enter this stage.

If there is a connection object with the same credentials (whether or
not it is in authorised or disconnected stage), that connection
object will take over the connection and this connection object will
be destroyed.  For simplicity in handling connections, it is not
possible for the same credentials to be connected more than once.
This restriction may be removed in the future.

Note that if an authorised connection object takes over the new
connection, the old connection will be immediately closed, effectively
disconnecting whatever remote client connected to it.

If there has been no data received from the remote client for more
than MAXIDLE_AUTH_CONNECTION (default 10 minute) it will disconnect
the connection.


Stage: Disconnected Connection

If a connection object (or the remote client) disconnects without
logging out (deauthorising), the connection object will enter this
stage.

No remote input is expected in this stage and no data may be sent
to the remote client.

After the connection object has been in this stage for
longer than MAXIDLE_DISCONN_CONNECTION (default 30 minutes) the
connection object is destroyed.


Stage: Deauthorised Connection

If the connection is deauthorised (either because the remote client
issues a logout command, or from being deauthorised locally) it enters
this stage.

A deauthorised connection is immediately closed, causing the remote
client to be disconnected.
